c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe.config
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.pdb
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.pdb
c:\users\filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Ini.Net.dll
C:\Users\Filipsi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\VerbalExpressions.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe.config
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.pdb
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.exe
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\UnitatoBot.pdb
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Ini.Net.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\VerbalExpressions.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
F:\Git\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\UnitatoBot\obj\Debug\UnitatoBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
